(Night falls in Paris)
(The Eiffel Tower lights up)
Go Won: I can see the Eiffel Tower
Go Won: I've never been to Paris before
Go Won: So it's my first time to see the tower
Olivia Hye: Seeing the Eiffel Tower in person is like...
Olivia Hye: It looks like a toy!
Olivia Hye: I mean...
Olivia Hye: Because It's unbelievable that I'm watching it now
Olivia Hye: It's like 'is it true that I'm here, Paris?'
(You know what it feels, right? It feels incredible to them)
HeeJin: Unbelievable~
Go Won: I heard that the Eiffel Tower twinkles at midnight
Go Won: I'm waiting here to see that in person!
Go Won: It's on!
(She's suddenly looking around to find a person who can take a picture of her.)
(But she couldn't, so she's just making a pose in front of this camcorder!)
Olivia Hye: I want to do, too!
Go Won: With that tower?
(The beautiful Eiffel Tower and Olivia Hye's beautiful smile!)
Go Won: Looks good!
Go Won: Fighting~
(Go Won got her soul back after watching the Eiffel Tower)
Go Won: Olivia Hye, fighting!